In this video you're going to learn a simple trick to grow your Twitter page.
I've got an example of it here on my account and I'm also going to show you examples from two other
cats as well.
So this is a strategy you can definitely repeat over and over again.
And the strategy is to pin a tweet to the top of the page but not any tweet a tweet that is really going
to get retweeted by your audience.
So you can see that this tweet has been retweeted 36 times meaning that someone has come to my page
has re tweeted this quote to share with their audience.
And the advantage for me is that that puts me in front of their audience which helps expose me to their
audience in turn that helps grow my channel.
They may follow me.
They may see this message like it as well and it just continues to grow.
So the key strategy here is that not only do you pinnate tweet which you can do at any tweet on Twitter.
Just click on the little Darnay or here and click Penta profile.
But do you want to leave a tweet there indefinitely and that the reason you do that is because any time
anybody comes to your page if they agree with the message that you're saying here it could be a quote
a belief or something like that.
Well then they're going to want to read tweet it.
And that just helps give you constant exposure every time it comes to your page you can see I tweeted
this in over a year ago now and it's still there at the top because people still retweet it.
61 likes and nine comments.
Let's look at another example of this.
This guy's audience is a lot bigger.
He's got four times and read tweets six thousand likes 234 comments and again he's done the same strategy.
Best way to sell something down the line.
Earn the awareness respect and trust of those who might buy.
So that is a belief that he has.
And if his audience or anybody who sees that believes the same thing then they can retweet that and
once again the advantage for this guy is that it exposes him to those other people's audience.
That's the beauty of the retweet and the real power of it or why you want to set something up like this.
It's an automated way to get read tweets on your account as have a look at it.
Another example of this strategy this time slightly different but again it's something that is timeless.
Your regular investing reminder keep calm and stay the course.
So no 172 read tweets 317 likes 51 comments so that is something that they could just leave there indefinitely
your regular investing reminder it's not something that goes out of fashion and it's kind of funny.
And then if you were following their profile Well you might retweet that and expose them to your audience
which again helps them grow.
So this is something you could definitely do for yourself.
Find a quote from somebody else or from yourself.
You believe in or even make an image like this that you can just put up.
That's easy for them to share to their audience and that is a very simple way that you can grow your
Twitter audience quickly by getting other people to retweet this and getting yourself in front of their
audience.
So try it out for yourself or put it in your back pocket for later.